Add custom document of lsp-latex. (#1873)
emacs-lsp/lsp-mode: docs/page/lsp-latex.md

lsp-latex for TeX, LaTeX, etc.
==========

## Server
For information about the LSP server, check the [texlab](https://texlab.netlify.app/).

## Installation(server)
``` bash
cargo install --git https://github.com/latex-lsp/texlab.git
```
### Debugger: Not available

## Installation(client)
You can get `lsp-latex` from melpa. Add melpa to the list `package-archives`,
and run:

> ```
> M-x package-initialize M-x package-install lsp-latex
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<kbd>M-x</kbd> `package-initialize` <kbd>M-x</kbd> `package-install` <kbd>RET</kbd> `lsp-latex`
```

## Available configurations

> These are available configuration. All configurations texlab provides is available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These are the available configurations. All configurations `texlab` provides are available.
```

> These are available configuration. All configurations texlab provides is available.
> See also [document of texlab](https://texlab.netlify.app/docs/reference/configuration).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These are the available configurations. All configurations `texlab` provides are available.
See also [document of texlab](https://texlab.netlify.app/docs/reference/configuration).
```
